Money, right?
That's enough!
roll
The book manager hasn't come yet.
The cooperation talks must have failed.
And he just got on the job.
What ability can you have to eat the list of emotions?
That is.
Everyone be quiet
Yesterday, I swore in the scriptures that
Sure to eat
And the book is so beautiful
There shouldn't be a list that can't be negotiated, right?
Said the secretary was right
I am beautiful and capable
How can there be cooperation that I can't talk about?
Mr. Gu, take a look
In addition to that
Mr. Qin also added a secret to us
That's not possible.
It seems that this book is quite capable
Secretary Zhu is right
Unemployed
Since I am in our company
I will definitely work hard for the company wholeheartedly
Even I believe in following in the footsteps of Mr. Lu
In the near future we can surpass Fuji
Successful leading industries
Miss Shu just took office
You got such a big order for us.
Tonight we are preparing a welcome banquet for Miss Shu
How did it go?